>> Sarah Drasner: Okay, so
let's talk about where you get your fonts.
Where are some of the,
they're not really foundries like
people call them type foundries.
But they're not really
type foundries anymore.
But we still call them that.
There's like a lot of typographic terms
that are left over from the days of your,
[LAUGH].
Okay, so Google Fonts.
Not spendy, super easy set up.
Probably a lot of you have used them.
I'm covering them here, just in case
someone is real new to the business.
Font Squirrell, also not spending.
Sometimes it's $0, sometimes it
can be like a low amount of money.
Sometimes for their more spending fonts,
they're sending you to another site but
it lists a lot in that you can
kind of peel through them.
One thing that I really like about
Font Squirrel is it has a generator.
So if you do have a font from somewhere
else that doesn't have a web font,
you can come here and use their generator,
and it creates a web font,
all of those things for you.
Fonts.com, it can be moderately spendy.
Slightly more difficult to set up because
they give you some of the code for it but
not exactly the way that you would
use it like Google Fonts does.
But one thing that I really like about
it is it has a tool called WhatTheFont.
So if someone gives you a design and
they're like, we fired the designer and
we never want to talk to that person
again, and like this is a flattened image,
I don't know what font this is.
You can take a screenshot of the font and
send it through WhatTheFont.
And it will use machine learning
to analyze the font for you and
tell you what font it is.
That's come in handy more
than once in my life.
[LAUGH] So that's a really,
really good one.
Hoefler, Hoefler is so great like
it's got this its typography.com.
And the fonts are beautiful,
but it is definitely spendy.
And don't even,
it's kind of like going to see
puppies if you don't want a puppy like
you shouldn't go play with puppies for
sale because you're gonna
come home with a puppy.
Like maybe don't go to this website
unless you're willing to spend money,
because you'll go and
you'll be like, aw, but I love it!
Come home with me.
[LAUGH] They do have some cool
subscription plans, like I use their cloud
subscription plan, which means that I pay
I think 300 bucks a year for six fonts.
The only thing is you have to use
their CDN if you use it that way.
So some companies just will
not let you use Hoefler,
that's just not an option for some people.
I think that's just with their
subscription plan, but I'm not positive.
I don't really remember.
They're beautiful fonts though.
There's really great stuff in there.
They present it so well.
It's really nice.